Creating a User (Create User)
-----------------------------

After clicking the Config icon, we immediately enter the
administration panel where the first tab is to create a new user
(**Create User**).

![](/./media/media/image52.png)

In the wizard that opens for us, we have the possibility to enter a
unique username (Username field), password for the user (field
Password) and assign a role (field Role). In this field we have the
option of assigning more than one role. Until we select role in the
Roles field, the Default Role field remains empty. When we mark
several roles, these roles appear in the Default Role field. In this
field we have the opportunity to indicate which role for a new user
will be the default role with which the user will be associated in the
first place when logging in. The default role field has one more
important task -- it binds all users with the field / role set in one
group. When one of the users of this group create Visualization or
Dashboard it will be available to other users from this role(group).
Creating the account is confirmed with the Submit button.

User's modification and deletion, (User List)
---------------------------------------------

Once we have created users, we can display their list. We do it in
next tab (**User List**).

![](/./media/media/image53.png)

In this view, we get a list of user account with assigned roles and we
have two buttons: Delete and Update. The first of these is ability to
delete a user account. Under the Update button is a drop-down menu in
which we can change the previous password to a new one (New password),
change the password (Re-enter Ne Password), change the previously
assigned roles (Roles), to other (we can take the role assigned
earlier and give a new one, extend user permissions with new roles).
The introduced changes are confirmed with the Submit button.

We can also only see which user has the settings, and seeing them
again, clicking the Update button collapses the previously expanded
menu.
